# ODP Demo #2

## Vision
> Demonstrate an end to end "build" that highlights functionality (but not frameworks) with emphasis on the product service from a ***consumer*** point of view.  We will run this build several times in the next sprint.  Ideally, the entire demo can be run from one laptop versus switching to team members laptops.

> As required, we may need to record a portion of the demo if there are substantial wait periods associated with our items.

## Adobe Analytics & Power BI
* **Craig** will demonstrate a Power Bi visualization of data flowing from Adobe Analytics to Power BI for Ecommerce scenario *(bonus points: using Azure to-be subscription/resource group)*

## Identity Service v1
* **A team member** will demonstrate a MVP identity service.  This scenario is important so that we can standardize using group role access.

## Product Service v3
> The primary purpose of Product Service v3 is to show how quickly net new data will flow into various use cases (Dynamics, Web, Power BI) versus traditional ETL patterns.

* **A team member** will demonstrate a MVP product catalog web app (consuming Product API v3) and show a Columbia product including an image with several example data attributes.  This scenario is important as it simulates what an external consumer of ODP (such as REI) would experience using a Columbia Product API. --> [VSTS PBI 3243](https://columbia1938.visualstudio.com/GCX-DTC%20Data%20and%20Analytics/_workitems/edit/3243)

* **Chris** will demonstrate a Dynamics 365 product catalog (consuming Product API v3 or data factory).  This scenario is important as it demonstrates basic integration between Columbia's data and the ODP integration strategy.  --> [VSTS PBI 3571](https://columbia1938.visualstudio.com/GCX-DTC%20Data%20and%20Analytics/_workitems/edit/3571) 

* **Craig** will demonstrate an adhoc Power Bi visualization of serving up some MVP data from data lake.  We should show a quick download of data into a flat file.

* **Lakshmi** *(behind the scenes)* will present new data to data lake for the depicted product. 

* **Shane** *(behind the scenes)* will present new data to Cosmos Db for the depicted product. 

* **Bill** *(behind the scenes)* will break the Product Service (v3) to generate an MVP monitoring/altering event. This scenario is important as it will help teams to undestand how they will work with solutions in the future. --> [VSTS PBI 3456](https://columbia1938.visualstudio.com/GCX-DTC%20Data%20and%20Analytics/_workitems/edit/3456)

* **Bill** *(behind the scenes)* will fix the Product Service (v3) by redeploying from Source to generate an MVP monitoring/alerting event. This scenario is important as it will help teams to understand how they will work with solutions in the future.  --> [VSTS PBI 3454](https://columbia1938.visualstudio.com/GCX-DTC%20Data%20and%20Analytics/_workitems/edit/3454)

* **Shane** will demonstrate that the MVP product catalog web app (Product API v3) shows net new data.  This is important because we want to show how quickly data can show up in the endpoint without ETL / Informatica processing --> [VSTS PBI 3243](https://columbia1938.visualstudio.com/GCX-DTC%20Data%20and%20Analytics/_workitems/edit/3243)

* **Chris** will demonstrate that the Dynamics 365 product catalog (Product API v3 or data factory) shows net new data. This is important because we want to show how quickly data can show up in the endpoint without ETL / Informatica processing

## Product Service v4
> The primary purpose of Product Service v4 is to further demonstrate that existing consumers can choose to move to Product Service v4 if they are ready or can continue to use Product Service v3. v4 will be the vehicle to **indirectly** demonstrate many of our foundational frameworks such as CI/CD.

* **Brooks** (behind the scenes --> cooking show method) will push an enhancement to the Product API (now version v4) to version control in Development Subscription.  The CI/CD pipeline will deploy version 4 so that our sample web application & Dynamics 365 can consume new fields.  Associated frameworks should be updated at checkin (but not demonstrated): --> [VSTS PBI 3455](https://columbia1938.visualstudio.com/GCX-DTC%20Data%20and%20Analytics/_workitems/edit/3455)
    * Read the Docs Markdown
    * TDD / Specflow / NUnit
    * MOQ for Sample Data
    * Code Quality (SonarQube)
    * Code Security (Varicode)
    * Required Azure Tags for managing cost

* **Brooks** (behind the scenes --> cooking show method) will promote the Product Service v4 to the ***Production Subscription*** using the CI/CD pipeline

* **A team member** will demonstrate the MVP notification that is generated after a new version is deployed to Production.

* **A team member** will demonstrate that the MVP product catalog web app in ***Production Subscription*** (Product API v4) shows net new data

## Azure Cost Dashboard

* **Bill** will demonstrate the CIO Azure cost dashboard in PowerBI.  This is an important scenario because we want to start to educate stakeholders on costs and cost components as well as show that they will be able to monitor costs for their own cost centers.  *Bonus points for Cosmos db*
